Homework 6
Abby Padilla
10.23.24

1. PHP - Hypertext Preprocessor - interpreted programming language used to build webpages, 
   used on 79.2% of all websites. In web development, server side languages process user 
   input and interact with other servers. 
2. Some examples showing the similarities between PHP and JS are how both languages are
   dynamically and weakly typed, as well as having the ability to be embedded within 
   HTML. On the other hand, some examples showing the differences between the two are how
   each runs and executes. JS runs in the browser (client-side), while PHP runs on the 
   server. Execution wise, PHP requires a server to execute code, whereas JavaScript can 
   run directly in a web browser.
3. PHP should be picked over another server side scripting language, as it stands out with
   its built-in functionality and wide adoption in web development. Being specifically 
   designed for webpages and ability to be embedded directly in HTML, it is easy to control 
   dynamic content, handle session tracking, and work with databases. Thus, this flexibility,
   along with its simple syntax and rich documentation, gives it its reputation for being
   easy to learn and appealing to developers. Additionally, it pairs well with WordPress,
   further boosting its reliability for web projects. While it has previously had performance 
   and syntax issues, recent versions have improved these areas. Despite potential security 
   concerns due to its ease of use, PHP remains a widely trusted and flexible option.
4. The difference between the include and require keywords in PHP is how if the file isn’t 
   found, include will throw and error but keep going with require it will stop.
a. If one tried to use a variable from a file that hasn't been included yet, include will 
   throw a warning but continue execution, while require will cause a fatal error and halt 
   the script.
5. Echo and var_dump are similar by both being functions used to return, in terms of 
   responding to requests. However, the two have their differences, as var_dump dumps 
   information about one or more variables and can prin† out non primitive values, while echo 
   simply outputs one or more strings, without providing detailed data types or values.
