Homework 9
11.13.24
Abby Padilla

1. SQL - standard language for database creation and manipulation. 
   MySQL - relational database program (one of many) that uses SQL queries. 
   Relational databases - uses a structure that allows us to identify and access data in
   relation to another piece of data in the database, these are called relationships.
2. Normalization (SQL) - organizes the columns and tables of a database, ensuring that 
   database integrity constraints properly execute their dependencies. Avoids duplication
   by using relationships, enabling the data to be able to scale and be normalized.
3. Keys, in a general sense, are attributes or columns in a relational database that we 
   can use to uniquely identify records in a table. When applying this to primary and 
   foreign keys: 
   Primary keys - field(s) used to uniquely identify each record in a table, having three 
   requirements. Those being:
   1. cannot be null
   2. must be unique
   3. only one defined per table.
   can be defined by creating a primary key index after the table is created.
   Foreign keys - field (or fields) in one table that references the primary key in
   another table. Data in the fields from both tables is exactly the same, and the table 
   with the primary key record (the primary table) must have existing records before the 
   table with the foreign key record (the foreign table) has the matching or related records. 
4. The three relationship types: 
   1. One-to-one 
      For every record in the primary table, there is one and only one record in the foreign 
      table, having least one foreign key set on either table.
      ex: one faculty member has one single address
   2. One-to-many 
      For every record in the primary table, there are one or more related records in the 
      foreign table, having foreign keys on each of the foreign tables.
      ex: one faculty member can have many courses assigned to them
   3. Many-to-many 
      For every record in the primary table, there are many related records in the foreign 
      table, and for every record in the foreign table, there are many related records in 
      the primary table. A join table is made of use - table that has both primary keys for
      the primary and foreign tables.
      ex: many students can be enrolled in many classes
5. A LEFT JOIN keyword returns all records from the left table (table1), and the matching 
   records from the right table, while the INNER JOIN keyword only selects records that have 
   matching values in both tables. 
