Homework 8
Abby Padilla
11.06.24

1. www.example.com?param1=value1&param2=value2
2. Escaping a character - removing and replacing any characters that should not appear in 
   a value, exemplified by characters that would try to behave like code when unwanted to,
   and in turn stops the browser html interpreter from treating it like html.
3. 200 OK: The request was successful, and the server returned the requested resource.
   400 Bad Request: The server couldn't understand the request due to invalid syntax.
   401 Unauthorized: Authentication is required to access the resource.
   403 Forbidden: The server understood the request but refuses to authorize it.
   404 Not Found: The server couldn't find the requested resource.
   500 Internal Server Error: The server encountered an unexpected issue that prevented 
   it from fulfilling the request.
4. Data validation is needed as it checks for the validity of data by using a set of 
   rules. It prevents any faults, by for example, ensuring right data types and optionally
   not empty. To put into perspective, it can prevent users we wouldn’t want to save a 
   user with no name, or a number to be of string type. Regular expressions can also be used. 
5. Sessions - store information about a user and their preferences on the server, and only 
   store the data for the duration of a single visit to the site. Similarly to cookies, they 
   are text files. They live in the tmp directory which is in the apache files in MAMP.
   Sessions are typically used for secure, temporary data storage. They are ideal for 
   storing sensitive or large data that should not be stored in the client’s browser.
   Cookies - have the ability to access our session on each new request which is where we will 
   determine if they are still authenticated, we could revoke the ability to request new data 
   from the backend if needed.
   Cookies are primarily used for storing user preferences, tracking user behavior, and 
   maintaining user sessions across visits.
6. try:
       result = x / 0
   except ZeroDivisionError:
       print("An error occurred: Division by zero is not allowed.")
